Reward Site authoring for supported quest-stage completion

Scope
-----
Sunrise reads build-bound, source-controlled Reward Site definitions at startup.
The current quest adapter accepts exactly one item-stage replacement and one
selected-character object-value compare-and-set per completion site. It validates
the installed source and successor item hashes, owned source instance, objective
inputs, current stage value, and fresh state before committing both writes in one
SQLite transaction. A successful commit arms Family-5 and Family-4 refreshes;
this is not atomic network delivery. This is not an arbitrary Reward Site
interpreter or complete quest runtime.

The reader retains supported non-final character-scoped quest transitions from
installed content. It decodes a direct character-objective counter or a
VALUE/CONSTANT/GE predicate. Other VALUE slots use the persisted Family-5
override. Slot 462 is mapped to Sunrise's configured equipment-light resolver
average; that aggregate can include higher-scored equipment from another
character. The native slot-462 formula and its relationship to the client Power
display, artifact bonus, and published investment snapshot remain unverified.
Do not present the current mapping as native-equivalent.

After a successful item acquisition or relevant equipment swap, deferred
processing checks the event character. It advances at most one supported stage
per pass and waits for publication before another pass. It does not poll on
login, produce objective progress, or finish a final stage. A missing site
remains unavailable; it must not cause guessed inventory or state mutations.

Authoring
---------
The schema and definitions live beside this file in reward_site_schema.sql and
reward_site_definitions.sql. Register a supported executable timestamp and
image size in reward_site_builds. Add a site row for that exact build with
provenance 'recovered' only for an authentic row, or 'reconstructed' when all
required effects have been established from independent evidence. Add the
typed item and character-object rows with zero-based, gap-free ordinals. Their
source/successor indices and hashes and character row/values must agree with
the installed transition. An absent definition is safer than a partial one.
No quest identity belongs in a C++ special case.

Definitions alone suffice only if the installed decoder retains the transition,
its predicates already have authoritative server inputs, acquisition or an
equipment swap supplies the needed completion trigger, and the full effect is
the supported one-for-one shape. Otherwise extend the specific missing decoder,
gameplay producer, event route, or typed effect with evidence and separate tests.
Adding SQL cannot supply missing gameplay progress or an unsupported effect.

The build-86657 Unlimited Power first-stage site 11481 is the sole reconstructed
definition currently present. Its retained transition decodes item 15284 to
15285, character-object row 526 from 100 to 200, and slot 462 threshold 899.
The SQL definition is a bounded reconstruction, not a recovered Bungie row.
Automated tests use synthetic catalog and Power inputs for transaction and
scheduling mechanics; they do not prove a second real restoration or native
Power semantics. New Light item 15037 to 15038 has a retained completion
reference (site 10737), but no complete authored effect row. Do not add it
from the stage relationship alone.

Diagnostics
-----------
With state debug logging enabled, quest_completion prepare refusals include
the site, source item index, and a reason: missing_coverage,
unsupported_shape, unresolved_operations, transition_mismatch,
unresolved_input, state_mismatch, installed_identity_mismatch,
ownership_mismatch, replacement_unavailable, replacement_mismatch, or
stale_state. An ordinarily unmet threshold is silent. A server warning marks
a failed or refused transaction commit; it does not alone distinguish a stale
preview from a store write failure. Inspect the reason and the current state
before changing content. Do not repeatedly test unchanged gameplay to obtain
the same refusal.

Verification
------------
From the repository root on Windows with Visual Studio C++ tools:

  powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -File tests/reward_site_catalog.ps1
  powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -File tests/build_data_cache.ps1
  powershell -NoProfile -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned -File tests/quest_transition.ps1
  msbuild Sunrise.sln /m /p:Configuration=Release /p:Platform=x64 /p:PreferredToolArchitecture=x64

The optional -RetainedDirectory argument to tests/quest_transition.ps1 reads
private installed-content fixtures; the public test run does not execute that
retained-content check. Keep those assets outside this repository. The GitHub
workflow runs the public scripts only; it does not prove the retained-content
or client behavior.
Run the repository .clang-format and .clang-tidy checks on edited code and
git diff --check separately. Rebuild the DLL after editing embedded SQL;
definitions are not hot-loaded.

Evidence gaps
-------------
For slot 462, the smallest next investigation is a build-matched native trace
of its VALUE producer and consumer, distinguishing selected equipment, other
character maxima, artifact bonus, published override, and displayed Power.
Then test the chosen mapping with two characters and an artifact contrast.
Until that is done, do not choose a different formula merely by intuition.

For site 10737, obtain its complete build-matched authored row and any nested
operations, or a controlled native transaction/state trace that establishes
all grants, unlocks, publications, and stage changes. Only then add a second
definition and test it through retained decoding, the real catalog, persistence,
and production event routing. A second synthetic fixture is not that proof.
